### About this folder
This folder shows qualifiers separated from the data source for convenience and instructional purposes. The qualifier syntax shown for each object shows a variety of useful examples to help you in your own projects.

### Order
- The partition key (`pk` attribute) is a String formatted like an integer (e.g. `10594`). The regex `^[0-9]+$` is used to find the "integer" along with the static `sk` value `ORDER` to identify a given row in DynamoDB as an Order.
  - DynamoDB supports the use of partition key and sort key together as a composite key to uniquely identify a row. When both attributes are present, Salesforce Connect concatenates them with a hyphen to create the External ID on the External Object. However, for convenience, when an object's qualifier specifies that the sort key is a static value (e.g. `ORDER`), the External ID will *only* consist of the partition key value. So, here, instead of `10594-ORDER`, the External ID is simply `10594`.
  - It's also possible to create a DynamoDB table with *only* a partition key and no sort key. In that case the External ID will be equal to the value of the partition key.
- Formulas are used to convert String attributes in DynamoDB into Date and Number fields in Salesforce (e.g. `shippedDate` and `freight`).

### Order Item
- This object is modeled in DynamoDB using the [adjacency list](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/bp-adjacency-graphs.html) pattern, which is a popular way of representing many-to-many relationships in DynamoDB. The `pk` contains the ID of the parent Order (e.g.`10594`), and the `sk` contains a compound value representing the Product ID (e.g. `products#23`). Regular expressions are used to identify that pattern and separate the rows in DynamoDB that are Order Items from Orders, Products, etc.
  - For instructional purposes, a formula is used to decode that compound value and parse out the Product ID as a `virtual` attribute called `productCode`. A `virtual` attribute is not physically present in DynamoDB, but can be used as though it was. An administrator could use that to create an External Lookup field to a Product object, using `productCode` as the External Column Name. 
  - Said another way, the formula removes the prefix and "cleans up" the raw data from the external system, and administrators can use the "clean" value as if it existed in the remote data set. Compound attribute values are relatively common in DynamoDB, so this is a useful solution pattern.
- Similar to the Order object, the Order Item leverages the `VALUE()` and `TEXT()` functions in formulas to convert String attributes into Numbers in Salesforce.
  - Note that, ideally, the Discount field would be represented as a Percentage in Salesforce. Percentage fields must be mapped to a Number in DynamoDB, however, and since the source attribute is a String, it is represented as a Number field.